# System-Programming-Labratory

## Assignment-1:
In this assignment you will write a C++ program thatsimulates a restaurant management system.The program will open the restaurant, assign customers to tables, make orders, provide bills to the tables, and other requests as described below.The program will get a configfile as an input, which includesall required information aboutthe restaurantopening -number of tables, number ofavailable seats in each table, and details about thedishes in the menu. The format of the input file is further described in part 3.5.There are 4types of customers inthis restaurant, each customer type has its ownway of ordering from the menu(an ordering strategy).An order may be taken from a table more than once, in such cases some customersmay order a different dish. (Ordering strategies are described in part 3.3)Each table in the restaurant has a limited amount of seats available (this info is provided in the config file). The restaurant can’t connect tables together, noraccommodatesmore customers than the number of seats availablein a table.In this restaurant,it’s impossible to add new customers to an open table, but it’s possible to move customers from one table to another. A bill of a table is the total price of all dishes ordered for that table

## Assignment-2:
In the following assignment you are required to implement a simple Micro-Serviceframework, whichyou willthenuse to implement anonline book storewith a delivery option. The Micro-Services architecture has become quite popular in recent years. In the Micro-Services architecture, complex applications are composed of small and independent services which are able tocommunicate with each other using messages. The Micro-Servicearchitecture allows us to compose a large program from a collectionof smallerindependent parts. Thisassignment is composed of two main sections:
  1.Building a simple Micro-Serviceframework.
  2.Implementing anonline books store application on top of this framework
  
 ## Assignment-3:
 In  this  assignment  you  will  implement  a  simple  social  network  server  and  client.  The communication  between  the server  and  the  client(s)  will  be  performed  using  a  binary communication  protocol.  A  registered  user  will  be  able  to  follow  other  users  and  post messages. Please read the entire document before starting.The  implementation  of  the  server  will  be  based  on  theThread-Per-Client  (TPC)and Reactorservers   taught   in   class.   The   servers,   as   seen   in   class,   only   support   pull notifications. Any time the server receives a message from a client it can replay back to the client itself. But what if we want to send messagesbetween clients, or broadcast an announcment  to  a  group  of  clients?  We  would  like  the  server  to  send  those  messages directly  to the  client  without reciveing  a  request  to do  so. this behaviour  is  called  push notifications.  The  first  part  of  the  assignment will  be  to  replace  some  of  the  current interfaces with new interfaces that will allow such a case. Note that this part changes the servers pattern and must not knowthe specific protocol it is running. The current server pattern also works that way (Generics and interfaces).Once  the  server  implementation  has  been  extended  you  will  have  to  implement  an example  protocol.  The  BGS  (Ben  Gurion  Social)  Protocol  will  emulate  a  simple  social network. Users need to register to the service. Once registered, they will be able to post messages  and follow  other  users.  It  is  a  binary protocol  that uses  pre defined  message length for different commands. The commands are defined by an opcode, a short number at the start of each message. For each command, a different lengthof data needs to be read  according  to  it’s  specifications.  In  the  following  sections  we  will  define  the specifications of the commands supported by the BGS protocol.Unlike  real  social  network  you  will  not  work  with  real  databases. You  will  need to  save data  (Users,  Passwords,  Messages,  ect...).  You  only  need  to  save  information  from  the time the server starts and keep it in memory until the server closes.
 
 ## Assignment-4:
 BGU needsyour help to schedule courses.You are required to implement asimulator of assigningclassrooms to courses.In this assignment, you will implement such a toolusing Python and SQLite.
